Drawer cookbook recipe with navigation (#8960)
flutter/website: src/cookbook/design/drawer.md

## Interactive example

This example shows a [`Drawer`][] as it is used within a [`Scaffold`][] widget.
The [`Drawer`][] has three [`ListTile`][] items.
The `_onItemTapped` function changes the selected item's index

> and displays the corresponding text in the center of the Scaffold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and displays the corresponding text in the center of the `Scaffold`.
```

{{site.alert.note}}

>   For more information on implementing navigation,
>   see the [Navigation][] section of the cookbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information on implementing navigation,
  check out the [Navigation][] section of the cookbook.
```
